doc: Refactor PPP documentation to use standard commands (#310)
nrfconnect/ncs-serial-modem: doc/app/at_cmux.rst

CMUX setup #XCMUX
=================

.. note::

>    ``AT#XCMUX`` is a compatibility command for Serial Modem 1.0 and older and is not recommended for new designs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``AT#XCMUX`` is a compatibility command for Serial Modem v1.x.x and is not recommended for new designs.
```

The AT channel will be available at the configured address.
You can send an empty ``AT`` command to make sure that the protocol is set up properly.

> .. warning::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. caution::
```

>    Using ``AT#XCMUX`` to switch the AT command channel at runtime is error-prone and not supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Using ``AT#XCMUX`` to switch the AT command channel at runtime is error-prone and not recommended.
```

>    The channel switching might run out of sync with automatic PPP start up and recovery enabled by ``AT#XPPP=1``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The channel switching might run out of sync with automatic PPP startup and recovery enabled by ``AT#XPPP=1``.
```
